>> Estelle Weyl: So while we were taking
a break I created this beautiful or
hideous grid, depending on your opinion.
So to do it, what I did was I displayed
grid and then I used the grid
template columns to define
the width of my columns in order.
So the first one is 10 pixels wide,
the second one is twice that at 20 pixels.
Then 40 pixels, then 80 pixels,
then 160, then 320, then 640.
That means that there
are seven columns across.
Had I added one more, or
let's just reduce one,
then it would go longer at the bottom.
Or if I had added one more,
>> Estelle Weyl: It would go
shorter because there's now seven.
So however many widths or sizes rather,
that I declare
>> Estelle Weyl: In the grid
template columns, that's how many columns
there's going to be as I go across.
Unless I position another one
outside of that bounding box and
then the gird will grow, and
we'll show you how to do that in a bit.
In terms of the rows, I declared
similarly, 10 pixels high, 20 pixels,
40 pixels, 80 pixels, 160, 320, and 640.
And as you see each grid down here, each
row is twice as high as the previous one.
And I would need one extra list
item here to actually fill that in.
So I only have 35 list item, and
here I'm declaring 6 values.
So I have room for 36.
>> Estelle Weyl: I'll show you
how to position one of them into
that spot in a little bit.
Then I said list style type nine because
I was actually using list items.
And I didn't want to have the numbers
there, because that's ugly.
And then I've added a group
gap of 20 pixels so
between each row and
each column there is 20 pixels.
And just to show that live I can bring
it down to 10 I can bring it up to 30.
I happen to think that
it looks best at 20.
>> Estelle Weyl: And then I got rid
of the numbers because originally I
had put numbers in each one and
it didn't look very good.
So I'd count it originally.
So that's what I did,
lets check the grid steps trying it out.